# Vehicle Routing Problem Solver using ORTools
This project implements a solution for the Vehicle Routing Problem (VRP) using the ORTools library from Google. The main objective is to assign distribution nodes to weeks of the month, optimizing delivery routes efficiently.

# Problem Description
The Vehicle Routing Problem involves assigning a fleet of vehicles to a set of customer locations in order to satisfy their demands, minimizing the total distance traveled or some other cost criterion. In this project, the goal is to assign distribution nodes to weeks of the month, considering the routes generated by metaheuristic algorithms.

# Project Scope
The project focuses on the following points:

1.Implementation of VRP using the ORTools library.
2.Evaluation of four different scenarios.
3.Utilization of four types of metaheuristic algorithms for result comparison.
4.Generation of distribution node assignments to weeks of the month based on the routes generated by the algorithms.

# Dependencies
The project requires the installation of the ORTools library. It can be installed using pip:

Copy code
pip install ortools

# Usage
To run the project, follow these steps:

Ensure you have ORTools library installed.
Ensure you have the input data in the notebook.
Run the main script main.py.

# Contributions and Issues
If you would like to contribute to the project or report any issues, please open an issue in this repository.

# License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for more details.
